Q. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A. When you init' a repo, a .git folder is stored in the directory so that we
know the directory is a valid git folder. We have to do this so that git knows
to track the files within it (as long as you commit them).

-------------

Q. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

A. The staging area is 'half way' between the working directory and the repo.
Files are added to the staging area before being commited to the repo. Using
the stagin area allows you to manage what gets commited - so to split your
files logically.

-------------

Q. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

A. You can use the staging to your advantage by just adding the files in a
specific change, which can then be commited. These will keep the commits
sepearate and easier to debug if you need to go back through them.

---------------

Q. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

A. If you're making a big change to a website, then it's best to keep this
seperate from the master branch. You can then safely work on your new
piece of functionality whilst leaving master in tact.

------------------

Q. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A. Drawing out the structure allows you to see where you're working in
relation to other branches. This is useful to know and see what commits are
available to you, if needed.

-----------------

Q. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?

A. The result is that the changes in the coins branch get merged in to the 
Master branch. Changes have been developed to one side, without affecting
Master and then merged in seamlessly.

----------------

Q. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

A. Git can speed up merging when there are no conflicts - great. Git can't
resolve a conflict as well as you can manually!
